hello Gemini and welcome to your tarot
scopes for the time of March 2014 now
I've been asked to show you the card so
that you know what cards i'm actually
using i'm hoping this doesn't throw me
off too much because i'm so used to just
flipping the card up okay and then just
you know going out of the pan just
giving you the information now we're
going to cover your home and your family
your career any girls will look at your
finances your help them while being in
your relationships as well so in
connection with the home in the family
now what you're going to be finding
during this period of time it's all
about commitments that's what the queen
of cups comes down to its being afraid
when she's in reverse to make the
commitment so it could be that you came
through a period of time that you need
to to work out what needs to be done you
may need to pin down people for
decisions okay but whatever it is it's
like as if you need to step forward and
take the responsibility say not this is
what i'm going to do draw that line in
the sand i feel that during this period
of time it's about also keeping
connected to your emotional well-being
not letting things get excessive or all
over the place okay feeling like you
know nothing's going to go the way that
your plan the home and the family will
be a lot said a lot more settle once you
get through probably the mid part of the
month of March okay after that you kind
of feel that you know everything's kind
of coming together quite nicely you feel
quite confident about who you are what
you want what you're hoping to achieve
and you're feeling that you're that
you're on the right track but the first
couple of weeks of much it could be that
your emotional well-being and you think
is a little bit all over the place and
it's affecting the dynamics of your home
in your family okay things maybe a
little bit unsettled or a little bit
rocky during that period of time in
connection with your career and your
goals now you aren't going to be funny
that this is one of those months that
you are juggling and that's what the
tool Pentacles is about juggling your
responsibilities you feel like things
are kind of on the up and down and all
over the place ok maybe you're between
two jobs or two positions during this
period of time what I do feel though
this is about you able to being able to
handle this okay so you may be finding
that you're reassessing how to balance
your time and your energy between home
and your family in between you know you
clear your goal your aspirations
whatever it may be alright it could be
that somebody's just taking a little bit
of a timeout or leave from work or a job
position and you may have to temporarily
step into their position during this
period of time whatever it may be okay I
do feel that there is going to be some
good successes here and you're going to
see that you've got some great
achievements as well now for those that
are looking for work you may be finding
once again that there are two job roles
that you're finding that you may be
traveling you might be you know having
to do a little bit of shift work you
could be you know here there and
everywhere within yourself but I do feel
that once again that this is good
success and it's about you kind of
knowing that you have the skills and the
abilities to kind of follow through and
make these great choices okay or to open
up these potential opportunities when
they're leading to better better you
know like success for everybody all so
concerned because as long as if I just
feel like you just different types of a
little bit exhausting but you know
what's going to be worth it at the end
of the day in connection with your
finances now you're going to be funny
during this period of time that it's all
about clearing debt clearing the way so
agreements going to be finished up
during this period of time one source of
income may dry out but another may take
that replacement you could be finding
that you finalize to count so bills okay
you're ready just sign off on that deal
whatever it is I do feel that he you
know it's much more successful you know
exactly what you're dealing with okay
you know exactly what's coming in and
you're able to accommodate for that not
just now but also in connection with
your future budgets so financially
things should be looking quite good in
connection with your health and your
well-being obviously the seven of swords
is always seeking professional advice so
a doctor you know a you know personal
trainer and nutritionist you know going
and having a few tests done it could be
that you're just researching and reading
a lot more about your own health and
your well-being and kind of seeking out
that information to help you feel a lot
better about yourself some people are
going to start you know really great
regimes or dyers you may be finding that
your career path lead you into some
to do with health and well-being okay
it's like as if you're you're going to
be finding that you are you know a
working not just with your knowledge
that you know but maybe you're putting
your skills to good use as well but lots
and lots of advice around during this
period of time and sometimes it's good
to heed that advice and other times it's
good to kind of reassess it see how it
fits image may have a whole mountain of
advice and seeing which what works for
you but those that do need to go and see
seek medical attention please go and do
so because this card comes up it just
generally means that there's advice
around I came this is the right time to
receive it in connection with your
relationships now you're going to be
finding that this is one of those times
that you're really looking at where you
have been previously you know the past
experiences that you have had you know
don't keep on going down that same road
if something isn't working it's like as
if I've been here done this before same
results seemed to come out of this this
is about you looking at your
relationship wants and needs and
fulfillment and knowing that you have
success here if you've learnt from your
past or previous mistakes okay so
sometimes it could be you know you know
it will look if I've harped too much
I've always found that they you know
like don't listen it's that same type of
thing or maybe you've you know both made
kind of like semi promises to each other
but you haven't been able to you know
fulfill them at this time it's about
reassessing what your expectations are
on a relationship and how you would like
them this to be a little bit more
successful a little bit more you know
time spent together or whatever it needs
to be maybe it needs to go up another
level but it's like as if you're going
through these reassessments now for
those that are single and looking this
is apprehension it's like as if you know
you've had your fingers burned a couple
of times you but you know being you know
bitten what is it bitten once twice shy
you know that type of thing and maybe
this is about you reassessing what it is
that you want and how you feel in your
life at this time for you to be able to
have the potential of what it is that
you expect from a love relationship I do
get the caution and apprehension sitting
here but I also know that
you kind of like you've got it switched
on you know that if you know if you've
been attracted to the you know the
naughty boy or the naughty girl and it
hasn't always worked out baby you might
be looking at changing that kind of
attitude or what it is that you're
looking at hoping to achieve